Thank you.
Thank you.
Conchai 5523604
Okay.
So, can I have the answer?
Thank you.
Hi.
My feet are driving me crazy.
Can you give me something to fix it quickly?
Sure.
I am in your pharmacy today.
My name is Charlie.
So, who is the medication for?
That is for me.
Before I give you any recommendations, can I ask a few questions?
Sure.
Just to make sure that everything is as appropriate for you.
Okay.
Can I have your name, age, and medical number?
My name is Naga.
That is your medical number is URN 23456.
And Patras is Jalan Sultan 5000 Kuala Lumpur.
If you can add it as well, if your age and weight.
My age is 50 years and I am 60 kgs.
Can you describe more about your symptoms?
Actually there is a flaking and itchiness between the toes.
So have you noticed any unusual symptoms such as swelling of the skin or fever?
No.
Have you experienced this before?
No.
How long do the symptoms persist?
From three weeks.
So I can understand that you might feel really uncomfortable.
So do not worry.
What might be the cost of the symptoms?
Do you have any idea?
Because I am wearing the shoes for a long time maybe.
I am working in the form.
Is it oppressive or tight?
So, what medical conditions do you have?
I don't have any medical conditions.
What allergies do you have?
No allergies.
I am allergic to peanuts, but it's a like, immediate anaphylaxis.
Okay, alright.
Are you currently taking any prescription medicines or the counter medicines?
No.
Supplements or any herbal treatments?
No.
Okay.
Do you have any preference in your formulation?
I would like to have cream.
Cream?
Okay.
Other than that, no preference?
No.
Okay.
So to be double confirmed, you want something for the itchiness of the toast?
Okay.
Thank you for information.
Do you mind if I check my resources?
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks for waiting.
So based on the information given, I believe that you are having tinnia probably because you wear the shoes all day because of the work.
So I would recommend you a product, it's Azo, it's an Azo antifungus.
So I would recommend you the product name, Quatrimazole.
It's a 1% cream.
So you apply a thin layer onto the affected areas, which is your toes.
and twice daily, so you clean and dry the affected area and the surrounded area as well, then you apply.
So please continue for two weeks after the symptoms subside.
You might experience some side effects such as burning or stinging sensation, but if you find it unbearable, please come back to your pharmacy so I can for a switch of the medication.
So in addition to the medication, I would advise you to avoid wearing the tight shoes for longer time.
So frequently change it and also change to not very tight shoes.
And also because you need to clean and dry the affected area, I would advise you to use a separate towel to clean or dry the affected area.
Okay, is everything clear for you?
Yeah.
If the symptoms persist after the final treatment, please consult a doctor for further investigation.
Do you have any questions for me?
No questions.
Okay, since I've given you a lot of information, do you mind to repeat what I say just now?
I understood all the information given by you.
Okay, so this is your written leaflet as well as your product.
This is for your guidance.
Thank you.
I hope you get well soon.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, I had to wait here.
Go ahead.
I have to lock up?
Yeah.
I see.
You want to go home?
Yes.
